Update router.prefetch section to clarify it supports dynamic routes (#29070)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/router.md

router.prefetch(url, as)
```

> - `url` - The URL to prefetch, that is, a path with a matching page. Using this parameter you can also prefetch dynamic routes (see example bellow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url` - The URL to prefetch, including explicit routes (e.g. `/dashboard`) and dynamic routes (e.g. `/product/[id]`)
```

  useEffect(() => {
    // Prefetch the dashboard page
    router.prefetch('/dashboard')

>     // Prefetch a dynamic product page
>     router.prefetch('/product/[id]')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This doesn't make sense in the context of this example 👍
